Register instruments/language in their own compilation units to fix the sbt build issues (#3509)
enso-org/enso: docs/runtime/instruments.md

recompiled and the annotation processor 'forgets' about other instruments that
haven't been recompiled, leading to runtime errors about missing instruments.

To fix that, individual services have to be placed in separate subprojects depending on

> `runtime` and aggregated under `runtime-with-instruments`. Later the META-INF registrations are concatenated in the final uber jar.

Reviewer: Sorry, my GH suggestion was not properly formatted (as hard to do so in the Web UI) - please run `prettier` on it.

recompiled and the annotation processor 'forgets' about other instruments that
haven't been recompiled, leading to runtime errors about missing instruments.

> To fix that, individual services have to be placed in separate subprojects of
> `runtime` and later META-INF registrations are concatenated in the final uber
> jar.

Reviewer: What does it mean that project X is a 'subproject of runtime'? It doesn't sound right to me. Maybe:
```suggestion
To fix that, individual services have to be placed in separate subprojects depending on
`runtime` and aggregated under `runtime-with-instruments`. Later the META-INF registrations are concatenated in the final uber jar.
```
